1.What are the common built-in data types in Python?
Python supports the below-mentioned built-in data types:

Immutable data types:

Number
String
Tuple
Mutable data types:

List
Dictionary
set

Q2. Is python case sensitive?
Yes, Python is a case sensitive language. This means that Function and function both are different in pythons like SQL and Pascal.

Explain split(), sub(), subn() methods of “re” module in Python?
These methods belong to the Python RegEx or ‘re’ module and are used to modify strings.

Q3. split(): This method is used to split a given string into a list.
sub(): This method is used to find a substring where a regex pattern matches, and then it replaces the matched substring with a different string.
subn(): This method is similar to the sub() method, but it returns the new string, along with the number of replacements.

Q4. What are Dict and List comprehensions?
Python comprehensions are like decorators, that help to build altered and filtered lists, dictionaries, or sets from a given list, dictionary, or set. Comprehension saves a lot of time and code that might be considerably more complex and time-consuming.

Comprehensions are beneficial in the following scenarios:

Performing mathematical operations on the entire list
Performing conditional filtering operations on the entire list
Combining multiple lists into one
Flattening a multi-dimensional list

Q5.What is the difference between list and tuple?
The difference between list and tuple is that list is mutable while tuple is not. Tuple can be hashed, for example., as a key for dictionaries.

Q6. What is lambda in Python?
It is a single expression anonymous function often used as inline function.

Q7. Why lambda forms in python do not have statements?
A lambda form in python does not have statements as it is used to make new function object and then return them at runtime.

Q8. Explain slicing in Python?
A mechanism to select a range of items from sequence types like list, tuple, strings etc., is known as slicing.

Q9. What are the rules for local and global variables in Python?
Here are the rules for local and global variables in Python:

Local variables: If a variable is assigned a new value anywhere within the function’s body, it’s assumed to be local.

Global variables: Those variables that are only referenced inside a function are implicitly global.

Q10.What is the use of // operator in Python?
It is a Floor Divisionoperator, which is used for dividing two operands with the result as a quotient showing only digits before the decimal point. For instance, 10//5 = 2 and 10.0//5.0 = 2.0.


