Q11.Mention the use of the split function in Python
The use of the split function in Python is that it breaks a string into shorter strings using the defined separator.
 It gives a list of all words present in the string.

Q12.Explain While loop in Python with example
While loop does the exact same thing what “if statement” does, but instead of running the code block once,
 they jump back to the point where it began the code and repeat the whole process again.

Q13.How can you Update Python Dictionary?
You can update a dictionary by adding a new entry or a key-value pair to an existing entry or by deleting an existing entry.
 Here in the example, we will add another name, “Sarah” to our existing dictionary.

Q14.What are all dictionary methods:
Here is the list of dictionary methods:

copy()
update()
items()
sort()
len()
cmp()
Str()

Q15.Give example of logical operators
Example of logical operators:

a = True
b = False
print(('a and b is',a and b))
print(('a or b is',a or b))
print(('not a is',not a))

Q16.Explain important Python errors?
The important Python errors are 1) ArithmeticError, 2) ImportError, and 3) IndexError.

ArithmeticError: ArithmeticError act as a base class for all arithmetic exceptions. 
It is raised for errors in arithmetic operations.
ImportError: ImportError is raised when you are trying to import a module which does not present. 
This kind of exception occurs if you have made a typing mistake in the module name or the module,
 which is not present in the standard path.
IndexError: An IndexError is raised when you try to refer a sequence which is out of range.

Q17.Python Loops?
Python has two primitive loop commands:

while loops
for loops

Q18.Built-in Data Types
In programming, data type is an important concept.

Variables can store data of different types, and different types can do different things.

Python has the following data types built-in by default, in these categories:

Text Type:	str
Numeric Types:	int, float, complex
Sequence Types:	list, tuple, range
Mapping Type:	dict
Set Types:	set, frozenset
Boolean Type:	bool
Binary Types:	bytes, bytearray, memoryview
None Type:	NoneType

Q19. Explain Boolean Values.
In programming you often need to know if an expression is True or False.

You can evaluate any expression in Python, and get one of two answers, True or False.

When you compare two values, the expression is evaluated and Python returns the Boolean answer:

Q20.Number of Arguments in function?
By default, a function must be called with the correct number of arguments. 
Meaning that if your function expects 2 arguments, you have to call the function with 2 arguments, not more, and not less.